doc: chip_tool: clarify some parts (#25818)
project-chip/connectedhomeip: docs/guides/chip_tool_guide.md

##### Commissioning with setup PIN code

To discover devices and try to pair with the first available discovered device

> using the provided setup code, use the following command pattern:

Reviewer: The "first available" bit does not match the actual behavior (which is described correctly in lines 267-268).

##### Commissioning with long discriminator

To discover devices with a long discriminator and try to pair with the first

> available discovered device using the provided setup code, use the following

Reviewer: Again, the "first available" does not match the actual behavior.

Matter devices log the QR code payload and manual pairing code when they boot.

To discover devices based on the given QR code payload or manual pairing code

> and try to pair with the first available discovered device, use the following

Reviewer: As above.

    [1650992689511] [32397:1415601] CHIP: [TOO] Run command failure: ../../../examples/chip-tool/commands/common/CHIPCommand.cpp:392: CHIP Error 0x00000032: Timeout
    ```

    Moreover, when using the single-command mode, the CHIP Tool will establish a
    new CASE session with every command sent.

-   Interactive mode - In this mode, a command will terminate with an error if
    it does not complete within the timeout period. However, the CHIP Tool will
    not be terminated and it will not terminate processes that previous commands
    have started. Moreover, when using the interactive mode, the CHIP Tool will

>     establish a new CASE session only on the first command sent. On the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    establish a new CASE session only when there is no session available yet. On the
```
Because other things (e.g. certain kinds of timeouts) can cause the session to be marked defunct, which will establish a new session on the next command.

    [1650992689511] [32397:1415601] CHIP: [TOO] Run command failure: ../../../examples/chip-tool/commands/common/CHIPCommand.cpp:392: CHIP Error 0x00000032: Timeout
    ```

    Moreover, when using the single-command mode, the CHIP Tool will establish a

>     new CASE session with every command sent (and close the existing one).

Reviewer 2: How about?
```suggestion
    new CASE session with every command sent (and expire the existing one).
```

Author: Removed this parenthesis as per comment from @bzbarsky-apple .

>     new CASE session with every command sent (and close the existing one).

Reviewer: It will not close or expire anything.  It will just create a new CASE session.

Author: Removed parenthesis.

-   Interactive mode - In this mode, a command will terminate with an error if
    it does not complete within the timeout period. However, the CHIP Tool will
    not be terminated and it will not terminate processes that previous commands
    have started. Moreover, when using the interactive mode, the CHIP Tool will

>     establish a CASE session only on the first command sent.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    establish a new CASE session only on the first command sent. On the following commands invoked, it will use the existing session.
```
